I'm gonna show you how to make spicy
tuna roll
I have here bamboo mat wrapped in some
wraps and a half sushi nori and I'm
gonna wet my hand first the DC is a
sushi rice
we already cooked and a season and a
cold we're gonna put in there on the
seaweed and spread onto seaweed you want
to cover seaweed with rice all over no
no peeking and then you don't want to be
too thick layer with the rice kind of
one lay of the rice and then you want to
be even spread evenly and many times
people do is you just cover the seaweed
with rice on the center part of it just
the center and that's not going to work
you want to cover with the side top and
the bottom also
then here I have sesame seed just
sprinkle this is going to be inside out
roll so I'm gonna flip over now I have
tuna
so you wanna feel the tuna in the center
of the seaweed about total like half
inch square and all the way end-to-end
now if we want to put the spicy sauce
here you can put it now but I don't do
too much inside because when you roll
it's gonna get back woozy out so just a
little bit here then now I'm gonna roll
pick up your bamboo with your thumb and
with other fingers hold ingredients and
let the will come in here and make a
tighter pickup roll and a shape
so that's your sushi
oh I'm trying to make the shape of the
roll kind of square how you depends on
how you want to defeat some chef wanna
be like a little round on the top and
square on the side it's up to you by you
the only thing you don't wanna do is
flat associate so now I'm gonna cut the
roll with your knife with damp towels
and I'm gonna cut the roll in half first
hold the roll on the side with your hand
and you let the knife ago and cut it
quickly and if you get the little gooey
stuff you want to clean it up
otherwise it's gonna get sticky and come
in here
I'm gonna cut in half again cut the half
again and cut the half again
so here I have plates
what else you can do is you can add more
spicy sauce on the top that's how you
make your spicy to narrow